m for the sixth tried c6 01
this is another one of the 7 million jsc smacks panchuk
we tried to make him very cute
he got in that position
something like
the term 63 2 0 but due to such
inhuman well what's not
like to become
oak points
set here
on the side but slipped
easy enough as well as plastic
inexpensive plastic will really like
8 megapixel camera without autofocus
it's loud enough
however, this convinced themselves now
but is there any
music included
in this regard and none of them so
from the USA
about
by May 1 question
h
here it is class adjustment
loudness is no good for her
tight but with this here he could
no really like this camera
matching slider availability
lock really looking forward to it
he is without any discounts
there is this he even problems that themselves
seventh Icelanders
but we still have a lot
the sensor here is located better then
there is an automatic phase adjustment
branch of the crane works more colleagues other
Nations 7
I like
in principle, he is such a weighty good
apparatus
not counting its cost recall
even more interesting than neighbors but
smaller screen
What is the problem, the data of sim UAH in general, too
problem
if you compare it with the seventh and giving sevens
I will show you
everyone chooses for himself
someone chooses thin long someone
same
thicker well shorter
word rise
cameras are about the same xu say
if you are familiar with semenov
and Yuvao will not bring in general
using what you like it
all this parade will seem interesting to you
in terms of price and quality
for northerners
he is not bad if I say probably in
all others
manufacturers companies
operating systems
this parade is definitely losing
android losing significantly
she does not offer anything
Ie try
nominally there megapixel guests do
for example this is just an attempt
passion
Tatarstan
shouted
a country
enough
so reliable
apparatus in my understanding
which you can kill better
as you wish
but not very modern
went the main problem
this phone
and once again I can say that everything is there
after all
number of programs
different Minsk
screen when compared with a single shot
lose
and his family who are already
much better with flowers
but as it is not visible, I think
generally
they are comparable again I want
emphasize that the difference goes
barely perceptible
here is a comparable small screen
in fact, even this site is reasonable
light look better than the market
on video
here I would compare this device probably station
works in the morning
two big differences charter besides under
bet on
plastic technology
wherein
of interest here is this parade ahead and
much
with a generally comparable prices even
cheaper
but such is the story
Android again why it won symbian